In the Service of Others Script
-Things in brackets are text on screen, things in square brackets are both text and spoken-
These people are Irene McCormack, Carlo Acutis, Mother Teresa, and my grandmother, in that order. All four of these people dedicate or have dedicated their lives to helping people who needed help, and for that they have been internationally recognized as pretty cool. Except my grandma, she’s locally recognized as pretty cool. I swear, she knows everyone, you drive 100 meters without her going “oh look I know them that’s that person”. In this video I will be discussing what makes these people very cool
PART 1: Irene McCormack
Irene McCormack was born the Western Australia town of Kununoppin on the 21st of August, 1938. According to Wikipedia, when she was young she was “vibrant, determined and fun-loving.”
She was educated by the Sisters of Saint Joseph, and then went to boarding school at Santa Maria College in Perth. In 1957, she joined the Sisters of Saint Joseph, and then became a teacher for 30 years.
After her 30th year of teaching, Irene went to Huasahuasi, Peru, to help the poor, for no reason other than she felt like it. On December 17th, 1989 (which was also when the first Simpsons episode aired), while she was in Peru, she was warned that members of the radical communist guerilla group, the Sendero Luminoso, were searching for people to kill.
Irene and her friends went to the capital city, Lima, to avoid the Sendero Luminoso from murdering them. However, after about a month, Irene and her friend Dorothy wanted to go back to Huasahuasi, so they did. And then the Sendero Luminoso found them, of course they did. What was going through her head? [Aw man, there are terrorists trying to kill me. Let’s go to their base of operations, I’m sure nothing bad will happen!] (Famous last words.) Anyway, Irene and four men were all shot and killed by the Sendero Luminoso in the middle of the town square. Since their bodies couldn’t be moved without permission, local Catholics prayed by their bodies and lit candles. RIP in peace.
PART 2: Carlo Acutis
(Is it just me or does Carlo Acutis kinda look like Alan Yates?) Carlo Acutis was an Italian kid born on the 3rd of May, 1991. He was a normal kid, liking normal kid stuff like movies (get it cause alan yates), video games, travelling, and developing a website dedicated to Eucharistic miracles performed all around the world.
When Carlo was four, his grandfather died and appeared to him in a dream, telling Carlo to pray for him. This sparked his interest in Christianity, constantly asking his Catholic babysitter questions about the religion.
When he was seven, he asked his parents if he could receive his First Communion. His parent’s arranged for this to happen at the… Sant’Ambrogio ad Nemus, I think that’s how that’s pronounced.
In 2005, when Carlo was 14, he developed his Eucharistic miracle website, the… Jeez how do you pronounce this one? The ‘Miracoli Eucharistici’, a website which had a detailed catalogue of miracles related to the Eucharist from all over the world and in all different time periods. Sadly, in 2006, he was diagnosed with leukemia and died of it on October 16th.
What’s interesting to note about Carlo is that he is the first and currently only millennial to be beatified, and that he really, really looks like Alan Yates. Ok, side tangent here, skip to this timestamp if you don’t care but I need to point out why Carlo and Alan look similar. See, the most well-known of Carlo and Alan are these, respectively. In both images, they are smiling, squinting, and have a backpack on. They are also both from Italy, and have dark skin, as well as dark hair. Alright I’m done with that now.
PART 3: Mother Teresa
Mother Mary Teresa… here we go with the names again, Bojaxhiu, born…… [Anjeze Gonxhe Bojaxhiu??????] was an Indian-Albanian nun who founded the Missionaries of Charity, a congregation that manages homes for people dying of AIDs, leprosy, and tuberculosis. It also ran soup kitchens, dispensaries (pharmacies), mobile clinics, family counseling programs, orphanages, and schools.
Born on the 26th of August, 1910 in Uskip, Kosovo Vilayet, Ottoman Empire, which would later become Skopje, North Macedonia. She was then baptized a day after, and she later considered that her ‘true birthday.
In her adolescent years, Teresa was fascinated by the stories of Bengal missionaries and by age 12, she was convinced that she should devote her life to religion. Teresa left home at the age of 18, and would then go on to do whatever.
Then, in 1946, she founded the aforementioned Missionaries of Charity, and did everything I just said. In addition to founding a charity that is the definition of pure good, she also personally assisted people affected by the Chernobyl accident, brokered a temporary cease-fire to help 37 children escape a hospital on the frontlines of the Siege of Beirut, and, if that wasn’t enough, helped starving people in Ethiopia.
However, like all good things, she came to an end following about 3 heart attacks, pneumonia, a broken collarbone and just about any other injury or disease you could think of.
The Missionaries of Charity still operate to this day, and are active in about 133 countries and have somewhere between 5,000 and 5,200 members.
PART 4: Joan Shackcloth
Joan Shackcloth, born on the 25th of January, 1938 in Bendigo, is the nicest person I have ever met. She was adopted a few days later, and a few years later met my grandfather Barry.
They moved to Tasmania and got married in St. Francis Xavier’s Catholic Church. Grandma and Grandpa then had 13 children, 11 boys and 2 girls, with the second youngest being my dad.
They also built John Paul II Catholic Church in Rokeby, and was handpicked by John Paul II himself to receive the Eucharist from him. Throughout all her life, Grandma has dedicated her life to helping people who are unable to support themselves.
Grandma is a devout Catholic, having gone to church every Sunday for the past 80-something years, without fail. All in all, Joan Shackcloth should forever be remembered as awesome.
FINAL NOTES
Carlo Acutis looks like Alan Yates-
OUTRO
